Docs small clarifications (#100)
narwhals-dev/narwhals: docs/basics/dataframe.md

To write a dataframe-agnostic function, the steps you'll want to follow are:

1. Initialise a Narwhals DataFrame or LazyFrame by passing your dataframe to `nw.from_native`.

>     All the calculations stay lazy if the underlying library permits it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    All the calculations stay lazy if we start with a lazy dataframe - Narwhals will never automatically trigger computation without you asking it to.
```
